Add online JupyterChart widget based on AnyWidget (#3119)
vega/altair: altair/jupyter/js/README.md

# ChartWidget

> This directory contains the JavaScript portion of the Altair `ChartWidget` Jupyter Widget. The `ChartWidget` is based on the [AnyWidget](https://anywidget.dev/) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the JavaScript portion of the Altair `JupyterChart`. The `JupyterChart` is based on the [AnyWidget](https://anywidget.dev/) project.
```
